doc: matter: update existing docs for Wi-Fi (#14)
kkasperczyk-no/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_architecture.rst

Both instances depend on each other, but their development is independent to ensure that they both support the latest stable version of one another.

Matter is located on the top application layer of the integration model, looking from the networking point of view.
The |NCS| and Zephyr provide the Bluetooth® LE, Thread, and Wi-Fi stacks, which must be integrated with the Matter stack using a special intermediate layer.

> Depending on the selected transport, either Wi-Fi or Thread is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the selected build target, either Wi-Fi or Thread is enabled.
```
